Potentially include the following numbers:

Achilles, powerful, but imperfect. Not sure: too specific A052486
balanced prime: A006562 Balanced primes (of order one): primes which are the average of the previous prime and the following prime. 
betrothed A005276 Betrothed (or quasi-amicable) numbers.
brilliant a positive integer that has exactly two prime factors, both with the same number of digits. A078972
circular prime (only about primes) A068652 
Cyclop  A cyclops number is a number in binary that is made up of all 1's, with one 0 in the exact middle. A134808 
MO: friendly A074902 Known friendly numbers. (conjectural sequence)
economical number A046759 Economical numbers: write n as a product of primes raised to powers, let D(n) = number of digits in product, l(n) = number of digits in n; sequence gives n such that D(n) < l(n). The numbers that their primes factorizations use fewer digits than themselves, where they use p instead of p^1.
emirp A006567 Emirps (primes whose reversal is a different prime). 
happy  A007770 Happy numbers: numbers whose trajectory under iteration of sum of squares of digits map (see A003132) includes 1. 
left-truncatable prime: A024785 Left-truncatable primes: every suffix is prime and no digits are zero. Not clear why they ignore zero, plus, the name is long. A033664 Every suffix is prime. 
meanders: A005315 Closed meandric numbers (or meanders): number of ways a loop can cross a road 2n times. 
mountain prime A134951 Mountain primes. (they start and end with 1, which is not very interesting) Also mountain numbers A134941 Mountain numbers. 
permutable prime A258706 Absolute primes: every permutation of digits is a prime. Only the smallest representative of each permutation class is shown. A003459
powerful A001694 Powerful numbers, definition (1): if a prime p divides n then p^2 must also divide n (also called squareful, square full, square-full or 2-powerful numbers). (Not clear what defineition 2 is)
practical A005153 Practical numbers: positive integers m such that every k <= sigma(m) is a sum of distinct divisors of m. Also called panarithmic numbers. 
primeval A072857 Primeval numbers: numbers that set a record for the number of distinct primes that can be obtained by permuting some subset of their digits.
right-truncatable prime A024770 Right-truncatable primes: every prefix is prime. 
self or Colombian A003052 Self numbers or Colombian numbers (numbers that are not of the form m + sum of digits of m for any m). 
sphenic A007304 		Sphenic numbers: products of 3 distinct primes. 
square pyramidal A000330 		Square pyramidal numbers
super-abundant numbers A004394 Superabundant [or super-abundant] numbers: n such that sigma(n)/n > sigma(m)/m for all m < n, sigma(n) being A000203(n), the sum of the divisors of n. 
strobogrammatic A000787 		Strobogrammatic numbers: the same upside down. 





--------------------------------------------

Rethink Google numbers and undulating numbers (maybe not include trivial undulating numbers.)

Figure out vampire numbers.

Fix tetrahedral (from pyramidal to square pyramidal)
-----------------------------------------------------------

Cute suggestion for names of numbers from David Wilson email 2/6/09

Ok, so we have

evil numbers
odious numbers
negative numbers

and now

perfidious numbers

so that leaves...

abhorrent numbers
abominable numbers
accursed numbers
angry numbers 			There are two sequences: A167046 and A167047
atrocious numbers
awful numbers
avaricious numbers
bad numbers
barbaric numbers
bestial numbers
blameworthy numbers
bloodthirsty numbers
boorish numbers
brutal numbers
brutish numbers
callous numbers
calamitous numbers
catastrophic numbers
caustic numbers
choleric numbers
cold-blooded numbers
corrupt numbers
crass numbers
criminal numbers
crude numbers
cruel numbers
damnable numbers
dangerous numbers
debauched numbers
debased numbers (what base would you write these in?)
defective numbers
deformed numbers
degenerate numbers
depraved numbers
despicable numbers
diabolical numbers
disgusting numbers
dreadful numbers
execrable numbers
faulty numbers
fierce numbers
ferocious numbers
flawed numbers
foul numbers
frightful numbers
furious numbers
grisly numbers
gross numbers (144 may be the only one)
grotesque numbers
grungy numbers
harmful numbers
harrowing numbers
hateful numbers 		A051003 		Beastly (or hateful) numbers: numbers containing the string 666 in their decimal expansion. 
heartless numbers
heinous numbers
hideous numbers
homely numbers
horrendous numbers
horrible numbers
horrid numbers
horrific numbers
huffy numbers
icky numbers
illicit numbers
immoral numbers
impious numbers
indecent numbers
inexorable numbers
infamous numbers
inhuman numbers
iniquitous numbers
injurious numbers
irascible numbers
irate numbers
irritating numbers
lecherous numbers
lewd numbers
licentious numbers
loathsome numbers
maleficent numbers
malevolent numbers
malicious numbers	A074894 		Full list of counterexamples for the k=3 version of the malicious apprentice problem. 
malignant numbers
mean numbers
mischievous numbers
miserable numbers
monstrous numbers
moribund numbers
morbid numbers
murderous numbers
nasty numbers		A009112 		Areas of Pythagorean triangles: numbers which can be the area of a right triangle with integer sides.  related to an essay called Nasty numbers.
nauseating numbers
noisome numbers
noxious numbers
obnoxious numbers
obscene numbers
offensive numbers
oppressive numbers
ornery numbers
outrageous numbers
painful numbers
pernicious numbers	A052294 		Pernicious numbers: numbers with a prime number of 1's in their binary expansion. 
perverse numbers
pitiless numbers
profligate numbers
putrescent numbers
putrid numbers
raging numbers
raunchy numbers
renegade numbers
reprehensible numbers
repellent numbers
repugnant numbers
repulsive numbers
revolting numbers
rotten numbers		A216730 		List of "rotten" strings in {2,3}* (in the curling number sense). 
rude numbers
ruinous numbers
ruthless numbers
sadistic numbers
savage numbers
scurvy numbers
severe numbers
sickening numbers
sinful numbers
spiteful numbers
squalid numbers
sorrowful numbers
sullen numbers
terrible numbers	A260016 		Smallest number requiring n digits for its representation in the "Terrible Twos Problem" without using multidigit expressions. 
tacky numbers
tyrannical numbers
ugly numbers		A094086 		Babylonian reciprocals - factors needed to turn an ugly number into a power of sixty. 
uncouth numbers
ungodly numbers	A137201 		"Ungodly" numbers: numbers that, in some base b > 6, contain the string 666 at least once in their expansion. 
unkind numbers
unnatural numbers (not a natural number?)
unpleasant numbers
unseemly numbers
vexatious numbers
vicious numbers
vile numbers		A003159 		Numbers whose binary representation ends in an even number of zeros. 
villainous numbers
violent numbers
virulent numbers
vulgar numbers
wicked numbers		A102393 		A wicked evil sequence. 
woeful numbers
wrathful numbers
wrong numbers

----------------------------------
Alexey's to do:
General todo:
- Fix the review pages (need boss for this)
- Check and correct hn tag levels
- Talk about the top-line image with boss
  - Change once a month?
  - Randomized?
  - Set per page?
  - Aesthetic, mathy pictures desired.
  - Sets the tone and flavor of the entire site.
  - Just digits (in different fonts and sizes)
    - Pi?
  - Collage of license plates
- Front page
- Resync data from public_html
  - Numbers, Jokes, RussianPlates, Quotes, Wordgame?

Commentary:
- The "logo" is a bit light -- a little more contrast?
  - The dark green was better
- The image was too overbearing.  Eliminate?  Only on some pages?
  - This may be revised if the image becomes more appropriate.
- Remember to separate the exterior links from the interior ones.
  - Remove from navbar and have only on the landing page?
- Front page has explainations of what the site components are?
- The "resume" is not really a resume.  It is not intended for the
  search of work --- the real resume is hidden.  The purpose is to
  give a brief bio for the casual visitor.  The logos were seen as
  interesting.
  

General Refactorings:
- Do we want general styles for table of contents types of lists?

Style and perfect individual pages:
- Russian plates
  - Fold plate photos into site architecture?
- Puzzles, front, other child, hint, coins, glass balls

General bugs/nits:
- link_to_unless_current with sub-page functionality?
- Diminish princeton addition picture to fit
  - Uniformize all the photo sizes?
  - Are there any more photos that should go here??
- Go through and correct page titles

Reasonably done:
- Links
- Publications
- Photos
- Resume

Version 2:
- Relink the coffins and integrate and validate the solutions
  - Style coffins front page, main list, others' submissions
- Chicken road crossing page
- Introduce structure where appropriate into various pages on the site?
  - Coffin problems (and solutions)
  - Publications (esp. abstracts)
  - License Plates
    - Perhaps a show action that folds the pictures into the overall site aesthetic?
  - Puzzles
  - Reviews (books, toys)
  - Photos
  - Resume


Wordgame todo:

Style it!

Input validation

Dictionary metadata in the database?
- Could prove even more useful if there are multiple word games...

Keep the actual dictionaries in the database as well?  That 
will make for a lot of model objects...
